  HTML HAEDAING TAGS
 
 
  <!-- The `<H1>hello world</H1>` line in the HTML code is creating a heading element with the text
  "hello world" inside it. The `<H1>` tag represents the most important heading in the document,
  typically used for the main title or section heading. In this case, it will display "hello world"
  as a top-level heading on the webpage. -->

  Sematics HTML5s Elements 
  Header
  Section
  Footer
  Aside 
  Article

  * universal tag 
  lists 
  ol = ordre list
  ul = unorder list
  li = list

   css 

    inline 
    internal 
    external

    Fundamentals 

     tags </>
     ID  (#)
     Class (.)


     The practical effect is simple 
     with noindex :- the page stays invisibile in search results.
     with nofollow :- the page does not help any linked pages with seo.

     FROMS CONTROLS
     dates 
     month 
     week
     text
     email
     password 

      Cookies (4kb)

      Webstorage(5mb)
      1. local storage
      2. session storage

     1. local storage 
      :- local  storage is a web storegae feature that allow websites to store data in the broswer with no expiration time.

      2. session storage :-
       this means the data remains available / even after the user closes and reopens the broswer or the system is resatred.
      3. it is typically ised to save long-term data such as uder preferences ,themes,or login tokens.
      4. session storage is a also browswer based storage method,
      but it only stores data for the duration of a single browswer tab session.once the tab is closed , all sessions storage data is automatically deleted. 

 
     Git:-  git is a distributed version control system that helps you track changes in your code,save different versiond of your projects, and work with others woitout
     overwritting each other's work . it alllowa you to create branches,
 experiment safely , and easily go to back to older version whenver needed.

  git :- toool for veresion control .

  Fundamentals Command
  1. GIT init - create a repo
  2. git add - add files to staging
  3. git commit - save changes to local repo
  4. git status - show files changes
  5. git clone - copy a remote repo
  6. git push - uploads commits to remote
  7. git pull - download and merge from remote
  8. git branch - show bracnches
  9. git checkout - switch branches
  10. git remote -v - show conntected remote repo  
  11. git log - 
  12. git merge -
  13. git fetch - download updates without merge
  14. git stash - save uncommitted changes
  15. git stash pop - restore stahsed worked
  16. git reset - 
  17. git re 
  18. git mv
  19. git diff

 
  when we updates a file in git firstly 
  we add the files and the commit the files and after commit the files we push the files on git .